---
layout: post
title: You Tube
tags: [info]
# cover-img: /assets/img/
# thumbnail-img: /assets/img/
comments: true
---
I've been meaning to write this for a long time and I wish I hadn't put it off for so long as it really is important. If you;ve found your way to me then you've almost certainly spent a lot of time on youtube looking for help, I know I did. I have watched more youtube videos than I ever thought possible, I hav spent 100's of hours looking for good information, anything that could help me process all of this.  

The sad truth is that the vast majority of content creators are completely unqualified to offer any advise at all, let alone to someone that is vulnerable. I do believe that most started with good intentions and I understand that everyone needs to make a living and there's nothing wrong with that. I do have anm issue with how predatory the relationship, breakup and heartbreak space is though. I especially take issue with the so called Licensed therapist, doctors and psychiatrists. They more than others are acutely aware that what they are saying is generic at best and dangerous at worse.  

My breaking point was when I started noticing that every single channel recycled their content wit a new label, simply to get more views keep the money coming in. What's worse than that is the inaccuracies and discrepancies within each channel, it's as if they don't think the viewers are smart enough to remember previous videos and honestly for a long time I certainly didn't, I was way to emotional and barely holding on.  

Hopefully you find this before you put yourself through that horrible experience and absolutely didn't buy anything from anyone. It's truly sad that the internet is not a safe place for people in need.
