---
layout: post
title: My GP & Me
tags: [me, gp]
# cover-img: /assets/img/
# thumbnail-img: /assets/img/
comments: true
---
Tomorrow, I have my appointment with my GP to speak about the assessment I had early September, I was very lucky in regards to my GP for a long time, she took absolutely amazing care of me. Over the past couple of years I haven't felt like she was there for me in any capacity more than filling prescriptions, which is a challenge at the best of times now. I don't know what changed but something changed  

I feel like it has a lot to do with Sam and me, and it's not like I don't understand why this happens but it's easy for people to see her as a young naive woman, but that simply isn't true and it feels really awful to constantly be seen that way. I'm hopeful that my conversation with my GP goes well, but I am not optimistic.



Tommrow, I finally had my appointment with my GP to speak about the assemsent I had early September, this whole process has taken close to a year. In the past I have always gotten myself worked up in preprairing for what I wanted to talk about with my GP. I was very lucky in regards to my GP for a long time she took absooutly amazing care of me, but over the past couple of years I haven't felt like she was there for me in any capacity more than filling perscriptions, which is a challenge at the best of times now. I don't know what changed but somethign chnaged

this whole process has taken close to a year. In the past I have always gotten myself worked up in preparing for what I wanted to talk about with my GP. 