---
layout: post
title: Untitled Mess
tags: [sam, blind, reality, distortion]
comments: true
---
Ever Since I heard that song this weekend, I have been struggling to process my emotions.    
It feels like a tsunami of new feelings and new emotions, but they aren't new. 
I've had these feelings and I have been distorting reality for a long time. 

As much as I truly just want to crawl under my bed and never come out, hopefully fade into the darkness.
All the work I have done has given me a whole new set of tools to use and different ways to look at things.    
I understand that what I am experiencing is very complicated, but it's OK for me to feel whatever I feel.
Normally I would try to stop myself from saying and feeling in absolutes, but in this case,    
That's exactly what I need to do now, Sam was telling me and showing me everything I needed to know for years.    
It's not her fault, it's mine, I refused to believe what she was telling me, I refused to see the truth. 
In my core I believe in the people I love, no matter what happens and without doubt believed that we could solve anything.
It never occurred to me that Sam didn't feel the same, but I know she didn't feel the same because Sam never believed in herself.
That's an issue that I can't do anything about, I have no control over other people.

I feel stupid, I feel like an idiot, I'm ashamed of myself. How the hell did I get it all so wrong?    
There's no mystery here, it's all there, I've seen it, I've watched SAM do it over and over.
Sam has ghosted and ran away from every single person that she has ever known.
Sam has done this to her parents, sister as well as me on a regular basis. 
She runs away, leaving others in chaos and couldn't care less how her actions affect people, just so she gets her way.    

There are 100's of examples of how truly destructive she is when she wants to be. Her mother has serious issues and     
has caused a lot of trauma for Sam, It's a terrible thing to be part of,  but a toxic family is by far the most dangerous.
I know Sam's whole family and likely her now wants to blame me, call me names and throw labels around. 

Do they truly believe that in a matter of months, I was able to erase everything, Sam learned growing up in that family?!?
She forgot every lesson, every piece of advise that her parents gave her? I mean if that's true, then Sam made her own decisions.

Sam decided that she did not want her family of origin in her life (unless she needed to take responsibility) and that they were bad people. Sam decided that she wanted to get to be with the source of her entire family problems, me.
Yes, that's a quote, her mother blames Sam and I for the fact that "The Family Unit" is falling apart and it's our fault that
the mother and sister and clinically depressed.

I guess it would be possible that I am a genius mastermind and I can perform inception on a whim on anyone. 
And with that power that only exists in movies, I decided to manipulate a woman much younger than me, 
that was afraid to communicate and was terrified to self-reflect for fear of what she may see.
I used my magic to seduce a younger woman where I got all the headaches of dating younger and none of the perks.
Yet another quote from the mother is that my powers only work on Sam, no one else. Sam is completely powerless to it
because Sam is so unattractive, overweight and clueless. I wonder why Sam doesn't believe in her self?!?!?!

I honestly don't know how deep it goes in Sam, can she unlearn it? That was and has always been my one hope, for Sam. 
I can feel that I am distorting things again, I am making excuses for Sam's terrible behaviors.

I am not looking to shame Sam or imply that I didn't make a lot of mistakes, but I need to do more than say she did bad things.

- On 3 separate occasions, Sam for whatever reason decided to breakup with me 5 minutes before 3 separate Final Exams.
- Sam again threatened to leave and then left and her or her mother called the police to escort her to get her belongs.
- Sam repeatedly threatened to run away and live in a forest, to get away from me and her parents.
- Sam repeatedly stone-walled me anytime I attempted to express my feelings or needs. 
- Which almost always ended up in Sam running away and refusing to speak to me for a couple of days
- Sam threatened to hurt herself multiple times, she would try to bang her head against something.
- Sam even somehow while in an argument found a hypodermic needle in the parking lot, picked it up and said she would stab herself.

The end result was always the same, she would call and tell me to come and get her, she wanted to come back home.
I always did go and get her, but we never talked about the problem or why it was happening. I was just relived that she was back home.
   
This is a lot to unpack and preocess, but at least getting some of it and on paper helped a bit.